<tr><td style="padding-left:20px;">``dailyPlanDate``</td>
<td>required, string</td>
<td>The value has to have the format *YYYY-MM-DD*<br/>
The day of the daily plan. Depends on the settings for daily plan timezone and daily plan period.</td>
<td>2020-12-31</td>
<td></td>
</tr>

<tr><td style="padding-left:20px;">``schedulePaths``</td>
<td>optional, array[string]</td>
<td>Filters all orders in the given daily plan that have been generated with one of the given schedules in schedulePaths. </td>
<td>["/path/mySchedule"]</td>
<td></td></tr>

<tr><td style="padding-left:20px;">``scheduleFolders``</td>
<td>optional, array[object]</td>
<td>Filters all orders in the given daily plan that have been generated with a schedule located in one of the given folders.
Depending on the value for "recursive" in one of the subfolders recursively too.
</td>
<td> [{
  <div style="padding-left:10px;">"folder": "/sos",</div>
  <div style="padding-left:10px;">"recursive": true</div>
  }]
  </td>
<td></td>
</tr>

<tr><td style="padding-left:20px;">``workflowPaths``</td>
<td>optional, array[string]</td>
<td>Filters all orders in the given daily plan that are assigned to one of the given workflows in workflowPaths.
</td>	
<td>["/path/to/workflow"]</td>	
<td></td>	
</tr>

<tr><td style="padding-left:20px;">``workflowFolders``</td>
<td>optional, array[object]</td>
<td>Filters all orders in the given daily plan that have been generated with a schedule assigned to a workflow located in one of the given folders.
Depending on the value for "recursive" in one of the subfolders recursively too.
</td>
<td> [{
  <div style="padding-left:10px;">"folder": "/sos",</div>
  <div style="padding-left:10px;">"recursive": true</div>
  }]
  </td>
<td></td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td style="padding-left:20px;">``submissionHistoryIds``</td>
<td>optional, array[integer]</td>
<td>Filters all orders in the given daily plan that have been generated by one of the given submissions. 
To retrieve submissionHistoryIds call /dailyplan/submissions. A submission can be manually executed or the automatically executed by the daily plan service.</td>
<td>[4711]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
